3.   ....attacks originate from the thread itself. ...... attacks originate from na compromised System or resource that is malfunctioning or working under the Control of a threat
Direct/ Indirect (x)

Passive/ Active

Indirect/ passive

Direct/ Active


6.   What was a significant advantage of the UNIX operating system in terms of multitasking capabilities?
Graphical interface

Single-user access

Real-time processing

Multi-user support (x)


7.   Which of the following is a common type of malware designed to replicate itself?
Spyware

Trojan

Ransomware

Worm (x)


8.   Which one of these is not a way of protecting a network?
have strong password

don't share personal data with people

have anti-virus software

remove anti-virus software (x)


10.   A device designed to filter and transfer IP packets between computer networks is called:
Hub

Switch

Wireless Access Point

Router (x)


14.   ..... primary function, text processing,did not require the same level of security as that of its predecessor.
UNIX's (x)

MULTICS'

ARPANET's

ARPA's


16.   The IS component that created much of the need for increased computer and information security is….
Networking (x)

Software

Hardware

Data


17.   Which protocol was primarily used for communication in the early ARPANET?
SMTP

TCP/IP (x)

HTTP

FTP


20.   Which of the following is considered a 'threat vector' in cybersecurity?
Firewall

Malware (x)

Backup

Encryption


21.   ........is a category of objects, persons, or the entities that presents a danger to asset.
Threat (x)

Security posture

Risk

Vulnerability


25.   HTTPS is a type of protocol. What does "S" stands for
Safe

Secure (x)

Standup

Safety

31.   What are your tips for protecting yourself against identity theft?
Choosing the right tools on your computer.
Properly educate yourself about cyber security
Choosing the right antivirus is important, not only because you need it, but also because it’s an important part of your protection
All of the above

34.   An intranet is behind a network device, which gives some protection against hackers, viruses, and so on. Which is the network device?
Proxy server
VPN
Firewall (x)
None of the three

1.   What is the definition of a brute force attack?
Repeatedly trying usernames/passwords to access a system (x)
Physically threatening someone to give up personal information
Physically breaking into a device to hack it
Being a very strong hacker

2.   Thích critical characteristics of information is the Quality or State of Being genuie or orginal, rather than a reproduction or fabrication?
Authenticity (x)

Confidentiality

Accuracy

Utility


4.   Encryption is a way of
Securing information on a network (x)
Securing Viruses
Deleting applications
Hacking Passwords

5.   Which of the following best describes a 'vulnerability' in the context of information security?
A measure of risk

A weakness that can be exploited (x)

A security policy

A potential threat to assets


9.   Why do you need security on a computer?
So no personal data can’t be stolen and hacked also private information (x)
To share everything with everyone
To make it difficult for hackers

11.   What is the main purpose of using a VPN in network security?
To increase internet speed

To provide anonymity online (x)

To enhance video quality

To block ads


12.   In cybersecurity, what does the term 'DDoS' stand for?
Direct Denial of Service

Distributed Data Service

Distributed Denial of Service (x)

Dynamic Denial of Service


13.   How many fundamental characteristics does information have?
3 (x)

7

4

5


15.   What is the primary function of an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) in cybersecurity?
To prevent unauthorized access

To monitor network traffic for suspicious activity (x)

To encrypt sensitive data

To perform regular backups


18.   …. are often created under the constraints of project management, which limit time, cost, and manpower
Software program (x)

Spyware program

Hardware program

Adware program


19.   By taking….. of a security weakness a bank consultant can order millions of dollars to be transferred by wire to his own account
Advantage (x)

Disadvantage

Position

Opportunity


22.   Which of the following is a common method used to secure data during transmission over a network?
Encryption (x)

Encoding

Compression

Hashing


23.   This IS component that created much of the need for increased computer and information security is.....
the software

networking (x)

hardware

Data


24.   ……of the IS comprises applications, operating systems, and assorted command utilities
The software component (x)

The hardware component

The network component

Database


26.   In the context of cybersecurity, what does the term 'phishing' refer to?
A network protocol

A social engineering attack (x)

A type of malware

A data encryption method


27.   ..................... is a company that provides users with access to the internet.
Internet Clients ProviderModemInternet Service ProviderHub

28.   Which of the following is a common type of social engineering attack?
Man-in-the-Middle

SQL Injection

Phishing (x)

Denial of Service


29.   A strong password is better with;
A simple password based on interests.
A password no one would relate to you but you can remember.
A complicated password you may forget.
A combination of letters, numbers & special characters (x)

30.   Which of the following best describes a 'risk' in the context of information security?
A security measure

A potential vulnerability

An active attack on a system

The likelihood of a threat exploiting a vulnerability (x)


32.   What is the primary role of a firewall in a network security architecture?
To perform data backup

To monitor network traffic

To encrypt data

To block unauthorized access (x)


33.   What was the primary purpose of the TCP/IP protocol suite in the context of ARPANET?
Web browsing

Email transmission

Data communication (x)

File transfer